before beginning let me start by asking
imagine if everyone was named after day
personality traits do you know how many
people are known named enjoy those
styles of our movie today ah papa
clumsy hefty brainy grouchy greedy and
sloppy and Smurfette and GOG Amell
played our story begins with oh it's a
book which explains the situation which
we all know to be true stepmothers do be
boys Mira Mira tall and shiny I need you
to smooch my honey but she ain't getting
a smooth today on that flat he's like
it's the one with the lip liner draw way
out around her mouth because she ain't
got the money for the lip injections in
the stepmonster just blurt out yeah Shh
where's the way I heard it anyway what
okay we'll talk about the clogs in a
minute I'm talking about the fact that
she's all scrub-a-dub-dub with my doves
now imma just dump this dirty water back
on this it's a good thing she got loose
because this bit cannot clean I guess
she got something loose but to me she
look like she had one too many nose jobs
like they just kept tripping away -
until she looked like Baltimore System
just two slits in the middle of your
face where you'll nose all to be if I
seen your wish into this well-knit
echoes it'll come true I wish I flew in
to be booted ain't crazy okay that's my
wish now hers this it wasn't that woke
in the thirties why you gotta be
interrupting somebody's wish like that
nobody invited you or y'all spandex
tights well you got some free time WWE
finally decided to take a corona break
is your WWE pseudonym mister Ansel and
what they left out here is the clogs
going
[Music]
and you could tell everybody this is
your song he really do sing like that
you know maybe she's gonna fall some
better clothes if she spent less on
cosmetics but the queen don't like to
sound a joy in the moaning so the
Queen's like here's the plan
take her out on a lovely day because I'm
sick like them and when she's at her
happiest take out her heart and put it
in this box like her name David Jones
then the next day oh hell I guess I
might have to be that so imma do it how
about George yeah I can't do it and
she's like don't be sad none over my
chest it's only one I can be used to
clean the toilet things like your
stepmother do ba ba this runs off oh god
I ain't never seen nature and then she
stopped screaming this keeps screaming
well you have just seen as a 1930s
version of a panic attack that's exactly
what happened when I had my first panic
attack
Angra trees harassing my then adorable
little woodland creatures coming out of
the forest to comfort me
Oh favorite that was just the injection
of valium the ER nurse gave me a - and
then she asked the little woodland
creatures what do you do when things go
wrong and they just sitting there
thinking don't go wrong here because
there's no people this is start singing
until the bird explodes and she dines on
the eggs for mid-morning brunch today in
this movie is disgusting and sick and
then she keeps singing and it's just
like hooked me I put a house it ain't
gotta be mine oh yours how come none of
these animals ever got booty holes and
why is he stepping in seven day doodles
I got well okay mama got one doll he'd
like a fur covered : jumping on duty
ever 15 minutes are you telling me they
ain't turned nowhere for her to step in
and is yourself being a woman I told
y'all Disney wasn't woke it well you
know she's just gonna get a bucket of
dirty water splashed around them he's
sad that she thinks this place is grimy
and grubby because it's inhabited by
seven children did she start ordering
around the woodland creatures and
telling them to clean but ain't even got
thumbs [ __ ] oh yeah when I do the
dishes I'll let Mama's naked dog lick
the plates and where is that dust going
oh
everywhere but as you know this movie
ain't called snow white in the seven
thirty children and then they have to
meet the new lady saying hi ho this is
so wrong
oh man I hate it when I'm trying to
creep through the house in my damn shoes
fatin did I feed you beans you know how
sometimes you got a messiness British
y'all messiness and it's comfortable and
then somebody come in and come by
cleaning and then you feel like you
living in somebody else's house used to
be sitting there trying to have a nice
mess and that's why I never get married
and it's not stretching and then she
starts scared just by everybody did she
wakes up and guess it's all their names
Thorin dwell and balan Dori nori Ori
Mambo Kili fili Owen glowing and before
and boffin they can off it off but they
like it'll be good to have a lay around
the house doing lady things like
cleaning and cooking and washing the
coal lot of our dirty diamond mining
draws the coal quote unquote you know
they got dirty underwear because they
are right now and men they ain't bathed
in a week proving the theory that grown
men are basically children don't at me
this woman been here five minutes
already trying to make me wash the coal
off my dirty ex fine--but I do want to
eat didn't they all do what the princess
wants and grouchy Smurf is like I see
y'all doing what the woman say like a
bunch up this next thing you know you'll
be shaving your damn legs calling it
manscaping
don't drop the dope so be back over here
Hill House the Queen finds out Snow
White is still alive so she goes to make
some special mixed drink that requires
mummy dust and who the hell be saving
old hags cackles around the house oof
blunt the knives and bender Fox smashed
up bottles burn the cooks
that's what Bilbo Baggins hates it so
carefully carefully with the plates and
if you don't know that song you ain't
seen a gos the Original Gangster
original Hobbit and there's a long
sleeve
skill we're kind of evil which are you
the damn dwarfs been singing and snoring
for four hours and you ain't cooked up
your drug Apple yet but the antidote for
her evil Apple sleep is wouldn't you
know it
love whatever you say Joe she maniacal
laughs for two minutes straight so the
next day off they go because they just
want to get that gold back from that
dragon hope they know about that weak
spot in his Chitty later that same day
the woman who wanted to be the prettiest
but found out she's only the second
prettiest so she made herself two
ugliest shows up and is like okay still
you munch on this Apple are you gonna
get some of that nice mr. Ashe and why's
that maniacal laughing up here no
tension just keep thinking about that
ass and all the woodland creatures
gather the Minutemen but back at the
crib Snow White done got herself a shot
of valium in her own it then the
Minutemen chaste old bit of a cliff and
[Laughter]
[Music]
again breathe
[Laughter]
[Music]
then they all crying even grumpy what
would you have been crying if she was
ugly I think not
this is so sad let the little animals in
they done been in your house and let
your plates and the print shows up at
the funeral because you can't keep good
spandex down
don't worry uglies the hands someone has
come
what it ain't polite to kiss a dead lady
and she stretched out that rigor mortis
and she's all yes take me away from his
hair and dirty capital em idiots
yes she's leaving us usual leave the
people have been taking care of you who
knows how long to get a piece of that
mr. ass this is so disappointing I
thought I knew you better snow so did
the doors get invited to the wedding of
delicious you know howi'm cake Daniel be
sure to LIKE share and subscribe for
your regular shot Maxim myth thank you
so much to these patrons who contribute
ten dollars or more to keep the jokes
coming Mario star kidding DC and Maria's
Chris Oh Gabriella see Dan W whiskey
Michelle W Kelly ale Michelle C kanay
maria t fat cats silver gray do Donna B
raspberries and Davis C and that's just
the half of you I'll get the next happy
on the next video
love you muffins for movies explain fall
I'm Jim it's a die I mean a died